capital = 589

oob = "KAZ_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = GuDianZiYouZHuYi
	last_election = "1917.12.13"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	GuDianZiYouZHuYi = 60
	JunZHuZHuYi = 40
}

recruit_character = KAZ_awt
recruit_character = KAZ_acd2
recruit_character = KAZ_nt
recruit_character = KAZ_aco2
recruit_character = KAZ_acas
recruit_character = KAZ_acr
recruit_character = KAZ_mt
recruit_character = KAZ_stc
recruit_character = KAZ_aa2
recruit_character = KAZ_ncm
recruit_character = KAZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = KAZ_ncs
recruit_character = KAZ_pot
recruit_character = KAZ_nccr
recruit_character = KAZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KAZ_coi
recruit_character = KAZ_ai2
recruit_character = KAZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KAZ_ar
recruit_character = KAZ_acgs





